Update README.md (#311)
plaid/quickstart: README.md

$ npm ci
$ npm start
```
## Test credentials

> In Sandbox, you can log in to any institution except Capital One. Use `user_good` as the username and `pass_good` as the password. If prompted to enter a 2-factor authentication code, enter `1234`.

Author: ```suggestion
In Sandbox, you can log in to any supported institution (except Capital One) using `user_good` as the username and `pass_good` as the password. If prompted to enter a 2-factor authentication code, enter `1234`.
```

> For Sandbox, you can log in to any institution except Capital One. Use `user_good` as the username and `pass_good` as the password. If prompted to enter a 2-factor authentication code, enter `1234`.

Author: ```suggestion
In Sandbox, you can log in to any institution except Capital One. Use `user_good` as the username and `pass_good` as the password. If prompted to enter a 2-factor authentication code, enter `1234`.
```
